umeditor-fragment
=================

Web fragment wrapper for umeditor(https://github.com/campaign/umeditor). umeditor is the mini version of ueditor(http://ueditor.baidu.com/website/), which is a versatile rich text editor. umeditor has been used in http://tieba.baidu.com, and has proven to be an efficient editor. umeditor-fragment is a wrapper for umeditor, it use Servlet 3.0 techonology, and can be deployed as a single web fragment jar.
## Requirement
1. Java 1.6.0+
2. Servlet 3.0+

## Maven
```
<dependency>
    <groupId>cn.jhc</groupId>
    <artifactId>umeditor-fragment</artifactId>
    <version>0.0.1</version>
</dependency>
```
## Configuration file
Put a property file named "umeditor.properties" in classpath of you web project, here is the sample code:
```
upload_root=/tmp
upload_size_limit=5242880
```
Check "/src/main/resources/umeditor_default.properties" to see all the default configuration options.
## Test JSP file
You do not need to import umeditor files to your web project any more, because all these files are already included in umeditor-fragment.jar. All you need to do is to include css or javascript links in your web page. Sample code in jsp listed below, (this file is in root of the web content directory):      
```
<link href="umeditor/themes/default/css/umeditor.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"></link>
<script type="text/javascript" src="umeditor/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="umeditor/umeditor.config.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="umeditor/umeditor.js"></script> 
```
umeditor.config.js contains umeditor's configure options, this js file is generated by jsp page, so some options are configured by umeditor.properties in fact.
To initialize umeditor, you need add some code in body:
```
<textarea name="content_key" id="myEditor" style="width:800px; height:400px;">This is your initial content.</textarea>
<script type="text/javascript">
    UM.getEditor('myEditor');
</script> 
```
## PathGenerator
If user upload a file to server, the server should generate a depository path for this file. PathGenerator interface is used for this path generation. You can provide your own PathGenerator implementation.
